BXMSDOC-6489-master: Add FUSE_VERSION attribute, and update Fuse versions and links (#88)
csherrar/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/fuse/installing-on-fuse-eap-proc.adoc

[id='installing-on-fuse-eap-proc']
= Installing {FUSE} on {EAP_LONG}

> Install {FUSE_LONG} {FUSE_VERSION} on {EAP} 7.2.7 to use with {PRODUCT} to deploy integrated services where required.

Reviewer: Can we introduce an attribute for the EAP version that is specified here (7.2.7) as well similar to the Fuse version?

Author: We could introduce a new attribute to capture the specific EAP 7.2 version, it would be a good idea if there would be a version mismatch going forward, but this will be deprecated once RHPAM/RHDM 7.9 is re-certified with Fuse 7.8 on EAP 7.3.

Reviewer: Okay, got it

[NOTE]
====

> {FUSE_LONG} 7.7 is supported on {EAP} 7.2, whereas {PRODUCT} 7.8.x and newer is supported on Red Hat {EAP} 7.3. To ensure a stable deployment environment, install {FUSE}} and {PRODUCT} on different instances of {EAP} according to the supported {EAP} versions.

Reviewer: I'd suggest changing the EAP_VERSION attribute value. 

```suggestion
{FUSE_LONG} {FUSE_VERSION} is supported on {EAP} {EAP_VERSION}, whereas {PRODUCT} 7.8.x and newer is supported on Red Hat {EAP} 7.3. To ensure a stable deployment environment, install {FUSE} and {PRODUCT} on different instances of {EAP} according to the supported {EAP} versions.
```

Author: Thanks for catching the stray bracket. The reason for not using version attributes here is that Fuse 7.7 only supports EAP 7.2.x, while Fuse 7.8 will support EAP 7.3.x. RHPAM/RHDM 7.9, on release, will be certified with Fuse 7.7 and will contain this Fuse note. RHPAM/RHDM 7.9 will be re-certified with Fuse 7.8 and the Fuse note will be removed.

> {PRODUCT} 7.8.x and newer components on {EAP} 7.2 are not officially supported but Red Hat provides guidance on a commercially reasonable basis until {FUSE} is available on {EAP} 7.3. `MarshallingFormat.JSON` is not supported on {FUSE} integration with {EAP} 7.2 using `kie-camel`. The default is JAXB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{PRODUCT} 7.8.x and newer components on {EAP} {EAP_VERSION} are not officially supported. However, Red Hat provides guidance on a commercially reasonable basis until {FUSE} is available on {EAP} 7.3. `MarshallingFormat.JSON` is not supported on {FUSE} integration with {EAP} {EAP_VERSION} using `kie-camel`. The default is JAXB.
```

Author: Will change "but" to ". However,".
Same reasoning for retaining the versions as above.
